App Services CLI (#183)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/schemas/enforce-a-schema.txt

         .. step:: Log In to MongoDB Cloud

            To configure your app with {+cli-bin-ref+}, you must log in to MongoDB Cloud using
            an :atlas:`API key </reference/api/apiKey>` scoped to the organization or
            project that contains the app.

            .. code-block:: bash

               {+cli-bin+} login --api-key="<MongoDB Cloud Public API Key>" --private-api-key="<MongoDB Cloud Private API Key>"

         .. step:: Pull the Latest Version of Your App

>             To define a document schema with {+cli-bin-mono+}, you need a local copy of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To define a document schema with the {+cli+}, you need a local copy of your
```

nit
